[Music]
a modern style with clean lines but
which knows how to amaze thanks to the
original compositional games and versatile spaces that are
created according to our needs.
These are the characteristics of the
new kitchen. The model is characterized
by this door with handle profile
applied at the top  with a motif that
creates plays of volumes of solids and
voids the handle in this case is
positioned centrally but it is possible
on the 45 and 60 bases to choose to
position the highest part
laterally on the right on the left or
central the kitchen was and available  in
many materials and finishes in
melamine fenix laminate in pet in
veneered finishes in matt
and glossy lacquer or in any ral color
chosen by the customer truly great
versatility the era handle profile is
proposed here in champagne and matt but
we can also have it in matt black  the
tub in composite material is
completely integrated with the
Felix laminate top and in a perfect color
compared to it,
particularly valuable inside
this wall unit and the plate school
entirely made of pressed steel, let's
now move on to two elements that create
great dynamism for  a kitchen that
changes and adapts to our needs
the two islands that were there the
unexpected work area are called in
horizons xilon and I laughed knicks are
sliding blocks that move in two
different directions
the y block mechanism allows us
to make  sliding the upper top forward
in the area below I find
an action plan for cooking
the sliding of the dop allows us to
create a new conviviality space
that can be used as a snack area for
a standing aperitif or for a
real meal upper top  and
lower mice the
different materials fenix castoro ottawa and
brown iron laminate are presented here but it is
possible to combine them both in the
same material and finish for a
monolithic appearance horizon y and I made
knicks are the two alternative solutions
to the different property that must be
evaluated in  based on the space
available
here I laughed knicks the upper top that
slides along the axis of the former and creates a
dining area in this part of the island
the islands only model egola in congo
this is another novelty or the
rotating throat  along the sides of the island
a solution that can be adopted to
give lightness to the central block
the new era and devo line kitchens are a
versatile model that change and
adapt to the perfect occasions for those who
experience the kitchen as a place of
conviviality the true  heart of the house
[Music]